Clarifying the HCP Terraform tier required for request forwarding based on customer's request. (#700)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-agents/v1.23.x/docs/partials/request-forwarding-tier.mdx

> -> **Note:** Request forwarding requires the HCP Terraform Premium edition to be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note> 

-> **Note:** Request forwarding is available on the HCP Terraform **Premium** edition. Refer to [HCP Terraform pricing](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing) for details.

</Note>
```

<Note> 

> -> **Note:** Request forwarding is available on the HCP Terraform **Premium** edition. Refer to [HCP Terraform pricing](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Request forwarding is available on the HCP Terraform **Premium** edition. Refer to [HCP Terraform pricing](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing) for details.
```
